hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the movie
the mummy part 2 for part 1 check the
description
we are shown a man whose name is
scorpion king
he is winning the war for many years but
this time he loses a war
so he with his companions were left into
a desert to die
many days passed and his all companions
died
he is left he prays to god to save his
life
save my life till i defeat the enemy
till i kill them and after it
i will be ready to give my life so god
of their hears his prayer
means a thing which they call god he
gives the army to the scorpion king
he makes him the leader of that army he
defeats all
the enemies with the help of god but he
promised that whenever he will defeat
his enemy he will sacrifice his life
according to the promise his life was
taken the army which he revives was also
sent back to that place where they died
this was the time of the past now we see
that many thousand years have passed
but still the scorpion king and the army
have died there
there is no movement in them now the
scene changes and we see rick and evelyn
in these few years they got married and
they have a cute son
he works with them as they work nowadays
they were at that place where the
scorpion king had fight his last battle
evelyn sees a secret door when she opens
that door there was a box in it
after opening that box she finds a
bracelet of the scorpion king
but maybe she hasn't read that what was
written on that box
there was written that when anyone will
open that box the water of the river
nile will come here
it happens the same a lot of water comes
there
somehow they escaped their life and come
outside
then they shift to their country which
was at a far distance from egypt
during this we are shown that the place
where the priest died
and he lost his book from which he can
revive anyone
some people were digging there they find
that book from there
the strange thing is that they also find
the priest's body there
the dead body of the priest was missing
for many years
a girl comes there to see that dead body
that girl was alike that girl whom the
priest likes
here we come to know that they all are
in search of the bracelet of scorpion
king
they come to know that rick and evelyn
found that bracelet
now they are not in this country then
they go to their country to them
during this we see that the son of rick
and evelyn was seeing that bracelet
he wears that bracelet after it a laser
comes out of it and a screenplay in
front of him
in which he sees deserts and pyramids he
becomes nervous
he tries to put off that bracelet this
means the bracelet of the scorpion king
while becoming nervous he tries to put
off that bracelet but that was stuck
with his hand strongly
it wasn't removed from his hand then he
hides it in his sleeves of the coat
then the people who were digging come to
evelyn to take that bracelet
the man who was the guard of pharaoh in
that place
he was taking care of that place for
many years that nobody will come here
he was nowadays living with them he
forbids evelyn to give them the bracelet
the others take evelyn in that bracelet
with them
that guard runs towards rick he shows
him a picture of a man
he tells him that he is their leader
this man had kidnapped your wife
he also had taken that bracelet then the
son of rick tells them that don't worry
i'm having the bracelet
and i know this man this man works in
the museum
then they go to the museum guard tells
rick as his son has worn this bracelet
now after wearing this bracelet the
scorpion king will revive within seven
days
you know to what the person who will
kill the scorpion king will command his
army
that person can control his army that's
why they all are trying to revive that
priest
because he is powerful if he will be
revived with the magical spells he will
defeat the scorpion king
after it they will rule the whole world
with the priest
they all reach the museum there they see
that when they were opening the box
there wasn't the bracelet in it
they get shocked they ordered to throw
evelyn in the fire
meanwhile they also revive the priest
there was the same girl in front of him
which he likes
she looks likes her actually that girl
was born again
that was her second life but she
remembered her past
she starts talking with the priest
during this
rick and his companions save evelyn from
there but the priest also revives his
mummy army and orders them to chase them
they kidnap the son of evelyn and rick's
son now the priest
that girl and others were in a train
they were with the son of rick and
evelyn
the priest comes to that boy and says
that you have worn this bracelet
and the person who wears this bracelet
also knows the way where that scorpion
king will revive
on the other side evelyn and richard
were worried about their son
she goes to her friend who was having a
hot air balloon
they asked for help and they say take us
to that place where was the priest and
his companions
because they kidnapped our son on the
other side
the son of evelyn and rick makes himself
free from the train
and he comes outside he comes to an old
castle where he sees the visions of that
place
where that scorpion king will revive but
then the priest comes there and again
holds him
now we see that the priest and that girl
who seems like the girl whom the priest
likes
the priest calls the soul of that girl
who was imprisoned in the dark
he does this from that book he put that
soul into that girl
due to it she remembers all the old
things
with it evelyn also sees the same
visions
evelyn comes to know that she was the
daughter of pharaoh
means she was the princess of that place
the prize and that girl took pharaoh's
life in front of her eyes
that was the reason she was fast in
ancient history and she also got the
things related to the past
like books boxes and bracelets etc
now we see evelyn and rick they were
going to that place
where there were the priest and the
train in the hot air balloon
but when they enter on the train they
couldn't find their son
there was a model made of sand nearby
that was seeming the same place where
they have to go
they come to know that the priest and
the others are taking their son to this
place
but the priest also knows it and he
crashes their hot air balloon
while lifting up water in the air they
take off from that balloon
now guard rick and evelyn move forward
to the forest
then they see some companions of the
priest the mummies were also there their
height was small
they were attacking them they kill most
of the army of the priest
the son of rick and evelyn was also
there rick runs from there while lifting
his son
rick has a short time if they will not
reach that pyramid their son can lose
his life
due to that bracelet evelyn's brother
was also there
they run toward that pyramid finally
before the morning
they jumped toward that pyramid they
saved the life of their son
that bracelet separates from his hand he
throws it far
there evelyn and her brother come but
that girl whom the priest likes come and
kills evelyn
while seeing it rig becomes sad he
thinks that i will take revenge on her
there in the pyramid we see the priest
in that girl
then some black things arrive there they
take out the powers from the priest
those were sent by the scorpion king
because he was about to revive
he doesn't want that someone else will
be more powerful than him
the priest couldn't understand that what
has happened to him
during this that man who revived the
scorpion king means the man of the
museum he finds the bracelet of the
scorpion king
he finds a huge scorpion sign he wears
that bracelet
he puts his hand in a hole that was
present in that sign
that was a hint for this that now the
scorpion king and his army will be
revived
and soon they will arrive here the guard
was also outside with his personal army
to defeat the army of the scorpion king
at any time
otherwise the world will destroy there
the son and the brother of evelyn were
sad because of her death
then the brother of evelyn makes him
understand that son
don't worry once we get that book from
which the dead ones can be revived
then you will see that your mother will
be revived and will come to us
they go inside the pyramid they wisely
snatch that book from the girl whom the
priest likes
evelyn's son knows to read the old
language of egypt
he starts reading the book after it his
mother means evelyn becomes revive
now evelyn and that girl whom the priest
likes to fight a lot
on the other side there was the fire of
revenge in the priest's heart
he says that i will make the scorpion
king revive and will kill him
i will rule the whole world he was
trying to wake him but then rick arrives
there
he forbids him and then there is a huge
fight between them
during this fight we see that the door
of that place opens and now the scorpion
king was revived he has the legs like a
scorpion
he returns while being more powerful and
dangerous
after seeing the scorpion king the
priest was scared
because he was a normal human now and
scorpion king has his powers
he understands that i can't defeat him
even if i want to
now when the scorpion king comes to kill
him he bends in front of him and says
that i am your slave
he points towards rick and says that
this man wants to kill you
then the scorpion king moves towards
rick but rick was also a human and he
can't compete with him
so he runs from there while saving his
life meanwhile
he stands near a stone on which there
were some drawings
something was made after digging the
stone in which a man with a bayonet was
killing the scorpion king
he understands that scorpion king will
be killed with bayonet
then the brother of evelyn arrives there
and he was having the same bayonet in
his hand
rick says him to throw that bayonet at
him then evelyn's brother throws that
bayonet at him
but in between the priest catches that
bayonet here the planning of the priest
changes
he thinks that now the bayonet is in my
hand so why don't i kill the scorpion
king and rule the world
i will not be the slave of anyone with
it he throws that bayonet at the
scorpion king
on the other side rick had stuck the
scorpion king while setting his
surroundings on fire
meanwhile the priest throws that bayonet
at him
but before it hits the scorpion king
rick holds that bayonet
the scorpion king attacks rick but then
rick immediately stabs that bayonet in
him
on the other side we see that outside
the pyramid when that guard was fighting
with that man
then the army of the scorpion king was
moving towards him
that removed when the scorpion king has
died
now we see that everything is destroying
inside the pyramid
the earth has opened and there are black
souls under it
they were pulling rick and the priest
inside because they were hanging there
evelyn immediately comes there to save
rick that i will not from here without
you
the priest was also seeing all this he
asks his favorite girl that come and
save me
i am dying here but that girl was only
worrying about her life she leaves from
there
when the priest sees this tears come
into his eyes
that the girl whom i wanted to make
revived from many thousand years
i love her but actually she doesn't love
me
being sad he throws himself in that deep
ditch
after it that black souls hold him and
kill him
but the favorite girl of the priest was
also not saved
when she was going outside she fell into
a place where were the dangerous insects
those insects ate her due to it she also
dies
now rick evelyn evelyn's son and her
brother they four were left
they come outside from there but all
paths were destroyed and there was a
storm
they move to the top of the pyramid
meanwhile
the man who has the hot air balloon
comes there
he makes them sit with him but then the
brother of evelyn hangs with that
balloon
he sees a diamond at the top of the
pyramid a precious diamond
he'd picks it they all go from there
that guard who was fighting with the
army has gone far from that place
already
when they were going to their house in
the hot air balloon
he again says thank you to them from the
earth that again they have saved the
world to be destroyed
with this this movie ends here thank you
for watching